Hello, I am Akihiro, and this is Iron Sharpen's Iron.
Have you ever been in the ministry and just as you're starting a conversation, the individual
stops you and says, I'm not religious?
How did you react?
Did you freeze up?
I'm sure of what to say?
I know it's happened to me.
In this episode of Iron Sharpen's Iron, we're going to discuss three tips to help us reach
the hearts of non-religious people.
But what comes to your mind when you hear the word non-religious?
You might assume this means the person doesn't believe in God, but the truth is that although
the person may not belong to an organized religion, they might very well have a belief
in God or in a higher power.
So we don't want to make assumptions.
Less than nine of our brochures, love people make disciples says, empathy moves us to
care about people, not just about our message.
So let's focus on letting the person express themselves and then empathizing with their
situation.
Let's talk about three tips we can use to do that with non-religious people.
One, be positive.
Two, listen with understanding.
And three, share information that addresses their needs.
Now let's see how we can apply these tips.
You know, with so many crazy things happening in the world right now, a lot of people feel
like world pieces and impossible dream.
What's your opinion?
If this is about religion, I'm not interested.
Everyone is free to believe what he wants.
What is important is not a bunch of rules and rituals.
But believing in God from our hearts, that's my opinion.
I agree.
Believing in God from our heart is very important.
If you don't mind, may I ask you why you're not interested in religion?
I used to belong to a religion.
In the hypocrisy, I saw it just completely turned me off.
Hmm.
I'm so sorry you experienced that.
I can understand why you feel the way you do.
If religion cannot be of much help, what do you turn to for reliable guidance during
these tough times?
Well, did you see how well our sisters put our first two tips into practice?
Our sisters maintained a positive spirit.
Even after the householder told them, he wasn't interested in religion.
This gave the householder the opportunity to speak and allowed our sisters to apply
our second tip, listen with understanding.
They listened as the man expressed himself.
That allowed them to understand where he was coming from and then to respond empathetically
and keep the conversation going.
But what if you meet someone who doesn't believe in God at all?
Let's take a look.
Hmm, it's a beautiful season isn't it?
I love the lavender so beautiful.
Oh, yeah, I love it too.
The color is lovely isn't it?
Hmm, it is.
Oh, you know, to me, flowers are like an amazing gift from God.
Have you ever wondered if there is a God?
Hmm.
A God?
Well, it would be nice if there were, but I don't believe in God.
Hmm, you know, many feel the same way you do.
If you don't mind me asking, have you ever wondered why some people do believe in God?
Hmm.
Honestly, I have.
But I haven't found a reasonable answer.
Once again, our sister maintained a positive spirit and wasn't put off by the woman stating
that she doesn't believe in God.
Instead, she sought further understanding by asking a simple, yet genuine question.
Have you ever wondered why some people do believe in God?
Did you see how the woman relaxed when she realized that the sister was actually interested
in understanding her and was willing to continue the conversation?
Now, if the person is willing to talk and the opportunity arises, we can apply our third
tip, share information that addresses their needs.
With our last householder, what do we have in our library of publications that we could
share with her?
We could share one of the brochures in our teaching toolbox that addresses creation.
Or if they are available in your language, a video from a series was it designed?
Or viewpoints on the origin of life?
So, let's make it our goal to be more familiar with all the tools Jehovah has given us.
Every year, there are non-religious people who become Jehovah's Witnesses.
So, we have reason to be positive when we speak to those not interested in religion.
And as we listen with understanding, and when appropriate, share information that addresses
their needs.
We will be doing our best to reach the hearts of non-religious people.
These tips have helped me in my ministry.
And as iron sharpens iron, I hope they help you too.